Xiaofeng, welcome back from Beijing
I heard that you have now become a saint
Hui married one of the four great Qi kings
So young and promising
Yang Feng, are you coming back this time?
Hurry up and get married to Ruyun
We Chen Li two marriage Eastern Zhou and Northern Zhou joined forces
Unique in the world.
That's what I mean.
But I just got back.
I heard that the smiling Buddha dared to order
Let the goddess of the nine clans control one person
It doesn't make any sense.
But the smiling Buddha, I respect him with some face
He took himself seriously.
Now the power of my wine feet is not weaker than that of Tianlong Hall
Besides, besides
Our nine heavenly daughters are Kyushu Muses
Why marry him alone?
The goddess of the nine clans comes to protect the Kyushu Continent
How can you marry a mere mortal?
Don't worry.
As long as he dares to come
I will call him back
What a big breath
Who are you?
I am what you call a mere mortal
Is that you?
Delusional desire to marry the goddess of the nine clans
I thought the Laughing Buddha had found someone
So it's you?
Still delusional to marry my Dongzhou Tiannu
What right do you have?
back then
This golden book
What contract is there?
You are the beloved in the mouth of the fairy aunt
What kind of good man?
Dad, what are you talking about?
When the fairy aunt came to earth
Bless our clan
The two parties had a wedding ceremony
The beloved does not come out
Keep yourself like a jade
If violated
Must be condemned
Uncle, what era is this?
What fairy aunt
This is nonsense.
That's right dad
My childhood sweetheart Yang Feng and I
like-minded
Besides, he is King Qi under the command of the Holy Maiden
I am the daughter of the Eastern Zhou Dynasty again
If you want to marry, you can only marry King Qi
As for him, the trash
I don't deserve the first one. I don't deserve it.
When you lent me an amazing fish leap dragon gate
Become the son of Zhengzhou
Now I'm just here to take back what belongs to me
You want to break the contract
Aren't you afraid of being punished by God?